Docs: Add missing documentation for enterprise features (#56753)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/_index.md

- [Export dashboard as PDF]({{< relref "../dashboards/share-dashboards-panels/#export-dashboard-as-pdf" >}})
- [Custom branding]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/configure-custom-branding/" >}}) to customize Grafana from the brand and logo to the footer links.
- [Usage insights]({{< relref "../dashboards/assess-dashboard-usage/" >}}) to understand how your Grafana instance is used.

> - [Recorded queries]({{< relref "recorded-queries/" >}}) to see trends over time for your datasources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Recorded queries]({{< relref "recorded-queries" >}}) to see trends over time for your data sources.
```

> - [Recorded queries]({{< relref "./recorded-queries.md" >}}) to see trends over time for your datasources.

Author: It is actually in the same directory -- I just updated it to follow the other examples in the file. Thanks!
